wreally good idea (and i mean it this time. this is better than the "helpful employee" one)
once level 10 (and 20 and 30 etc.): every level 5 store in the section has a toggle which places them on
a map in the lobby so that customers now walk to the store themselves.
this is better than the auto-employee thing because it gives the player more agency to decide which store
is the one they want to have auto-complete. you know what i mean.
and the previous "the only thing you have left is tapping !'s" complaint is not really an issue 'cause
it's waaayy unlikely you have all the stores at level 5 so you still got a lotta shit to do.
what happens when one store is on the map but other stores of the same type aren't? well
the customer simply waits for that store to be empty and if it is, they go to it.



Store ideas:

clothing
pharmacy
sports
music
computer
fast food
casino
café
glasses
toy
card
mask (sprite has reference to loz and gta (and sign could do something with phantom of the opera or v for vendetta or just comedy and tragedy masks))
bicycle
hat
mattress
news (icon is papers and under the icon is a rectangular display that actually shows dynamic text that i get to write yipeee!)
jewelry store

Special store ideas:
there could be types of stores that can't be the last store customer visits before checkout so that they don't
go to say a hair salon and come out with presents. although i think it also doesn't really matter. og has "w"!

restaurant (the customer sits. after some time they are ready to order, after more time they are done.)
cons: we need to make a sit sprite for every customer  pros: we can use that for seating in the lobby too

museum (the customer just walks around here for a bit. can handle multiple customers)
cons: boring if it's the end of the day and the player is waiting for the customer to leave  pros: pretty cool

this isn't a store but when the mall gets taller you could add a metro platform for more customers
cons: it might not be possible for the player to handle more customers  pros: more customers

indoor playground (upgraded versions give better ratings but the pay is always 0)

janitors closet (does nothing. upgraded versions do more nothing)

bathroom (customer can't go unless outside view. make sure you they're outta sight!)